README.md, before:

# PE-Planner

**PE-Planner** is a performance-enhanced quadrotor motion planner for autonomous flight in complex and dynamic environments. It is proposed to significantly improve the performance of speed, safety, and disturbance rejection capability.

__Authors__: Jiaxin Qiu, Qingchen Liu, Jiahu Qin, Dewang Cheng, Yawei Tian and Qichao Ma

<p align="center">
  <img src="gif/github_video1.gif" width = "400" height = "225"/>
  <br>
  <img src="gif/github_video2.gif" width = "400" height = "225"/>
  <img src="gif/github_video3.gif" width = "400" height = "225"/>
  <img src="gif/github_video4.gif" width = "400" height = "225"/>
  <img src="gif/github_video5.gif" width = "400" height = "225"/>
  <img src="gif/github_video6.gif" width = "400" height = "225"/>
  <img src="gif/github_video7.gif" width = "400" height = "225"/>
</p>


## Table of Contents

* [Installation](#1-installation)
* [Run Simulations](#2-run-simulations)

## 1. Installation
The project is developed on Ubuntu 20.04 (ROS Noetic). In simulations, it uses Gazebo as the simulator and PX4 as flight control software to achieve relatively realistic simulations. To avoid tedious configuration steps, a Docker image containing the simulation environment and PE-Planner is provided. Running the following commands to setup:

```bash
catkin_make install --source src/PE-Planner --build build/pe_planner
```

## 2. Run Simulations

Simulation of the Nominal Case with Static and Dynamic Obstacles

```bash
roslaunch pe_planner simulation.launch
```

```bash
docker exec -it pe-planner /bin/bash
cd ~/pe-planner-simulation
./startpx4.sh
```
Terminal 2:
```bash
xhost +
docker exec -it pe-planner /bin/bash
cd ~/pe-planner-simulation/PE-Planner
git checkout dynamic_env_simulation
rviz -d ./rviz/rviz.rviz
```
Terminal 3:
```bash
docker exec -it pe-planner /bin/bash
cd ~/pe-planner-simulation/PE-Planner
./build.sh
./build/planner_px4 ./maps/map2.txt 1 1 6.0 3.0 1.0 25 0
```
The format of the command to run PE-Planner is
```
./build/planner_px4 [map_file] [enable MPCC (disabled it to use PID for comparison)] [enable GPIO] [max velocity in Kinodynamic searching] [max acceleration in Kinodynamic searching] [mu] [number of tests] [enable dynamic planning (disable it when enabling MPCC)]

Commit message:

[update | pass] Get parameters from the ROS parameter server

README.md, after:

# PE-Planner

**PE-Planner** is a performance-enhanced quadrotor motion planner for autonomous flight in complex and dynamic environments. It is proposed to significantly improve the performance of speed, safety, and disturbance rejection capability.

![HitCount](https://img.shields.io/endpoint?url=https%3A%2F%2Fhits.dwyl.com%2FHuaYuXiao%2FPE-Planner.json%3Fcolor%3Dpink)
![Static Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/ROS-noetic-22314E?logo=ros)
![Static Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/OpenCV-4.2.0-5C3EE8?logo=opencv)
![Static Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/C%2B%2B-14-00599C?logo=cplusplus)
![Static Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Ubuntu-20.04.6-E95420?logo=ubuntu)

__Authors__: Jiaxin Qiu, Qingchen Liu, Jiahu Qin, Dewang Cheng, Yawei Tian and Qichao Ma

<p align="center">
  <img src="gif/github_video1.gif" width = "400" height = "225"/>
  <br>
  <img src="gif/github_video2.gif" width = "400" height = "225"/>
  <img src="gif/github_video3.gif" width = "400" height = "225"/>
  <img src="gif/github_video4.gif" width = "400" height = "225"/>
  <img src="gif/github_video5.gif" width = "400" height = "225"/>
  <img src="gif/github_video6.gif" width = "400" height = "225"/>
  <img src="gif/github_video7.gif" width = "400" height = "225"/>
</p>


## Release Note

- v1.1.0: Get parameters from the ROS parameter server


## Installation

In simulations, it uses Gazebo as the simulator and PX4 as flight control software to achieve relatively realistic simulations. To avoid tedious configuration steps, a Docker image containing the simulation environment and PE-Planner is provided. Running the following commands to setup:

```bash
catkin_make install --source src/PE-Planner --build build/pe_planner
```

## Run Simulations

Simulation of the Nominal Case with Static and Dynamic Obstacles

```bash
roslaunch pe_planner simulation.launch
```
